---
layout: default
title: About
navigation_weight: 3
---

Dr. Christopher Stoughton, PhD

Dr. Stoughton is a renowned astronomer with over 35 years of
experience in both academic research and education.  A passionate
advocate for the wonders of the cosmos, Dr. Stoughton spent his career
unraveling the Universe, from the smallest bits and pieces we know
about to the entire Cosmos.  He holds a PhD in Particle Physics from
Columbia University and has contributed to several influential
research papers in the fields of Cosmology, Particle Physics, and
Quantum Computing.

In addition to his academic work, Dr. Stoughton shares the wonders of
the universe with the public.  His engaging presentations reach
audiences of all ages and backgrounds, making complex scientific
concepts accessible and exciting. Now, he combines his love of
cruising with astronomy and popular science to offer expert lectures
aboard cruise ships.  Dr. Stoughtonâ€™s lectures cover a wide range of
astronomical, scientific, and technical topics, from the latest
discoveries in cosmology to the cultural and historical significance
of the stars. Whether guiding guests through the night sky or leading
engaging discussions on the search for habitable planets and space
exploration, his presentations are interactive, insightful, and
designed to spark curiosity. Astronomy and science spring from
observing, so he often incorporates stunning visuals, star charts, and
live demonstrations to help bring the cosmos to life.

He enjoys stargazing, photography, and travel, making him the perfect
guide to both the heavens and the seas.




